very good to see did you feel the
earthquake last night I did the earth
moved for me last night to me have you
have earthquakes in Ireland do they know
we have rain just right yeah
no poisonous animals I did like you I
saw your monologue I got online and I I
don't have twitter so I looked up
earthquake uh-huh just in case you don't
know it was a three point six it was at
the San Fernando Valley it was the same
thing as you did I obviously it's a
testament so I think wanted to share
things with me yeah well yeah also I
want to know if it was really far away
and something terrible happened I was
close buying it was a little one I
wanted to be a little bit I say this for
respect for how pear-shaped it can go
mm-hmm but I wanted it to be just a
little bit stronger you did you like
yours a little bit just a little bit
spicier like nothing more than a four
point two okay a four point two nobody
injured don't be delivered by such
things have you been home to Ireland
Everest the last time I saw him um yes
okay because the last time you were here
we did something we had a conversation
yes about a restaurant that you loved
prostate foj about yeah kebab shop
kebabs what's it called again how could
you forget such your name abracadabra
abracadabra abracadabra get that I will
never forget it again and you talked
about this so yeah give you some kind of
a card or a miracle yes I brought I
brought a old card you gave me a gold
card but then because I took see I had
done an interview for this kebab shop in
a I think Aer Lingus magazine which is
our national airline and because the
people the good people that I work at
Barbara kebab shop read my interview in
the air Lingus airline magazine they
gave me that gold card but then of
course I came on lovely Ellen's show and
I came on lovely your show and I talked
so I I basically took the thing
international
so I got a call saying they have printed
up a black card it's above the gold card
ain't no one has a black card no one has
the black card except for you the Pope
doesn't have a what did you get what I
think I can bring the Pope for a free
kebab because that's what I get so oh
well that would be quite an outing car
you get a free go-kart I could have you
know I could feed myself for free right
and the black card I can feed the two of
us just two people
no no whoever I want anyone you want
yeah no I mean I could do you could get
on like a tour bus and we do an Andy
Kaufman and have two board buses that
side but then we'd have to go to LAX and
then we'd have to get on airplanes and
then we'd have to fly to Dublin which
would be great for all of us we'd have a
laugh of course but I'd be out of pocket
and what when we got there you wouldn't
have to pay for lunch
nothing - you want to see it yes of
course I want to see it yeah you
actually carry it with you is there a
number here let me hold it up so
everyone can read the five minute the
bat says absolutely no restrictions
apply to Colin Farrell the original gold
card holder can I do that Wow you're
unrestricted
halation I feel like I should have one
too I mean
Ellen doesn't eat meat she's not gonna
use her talk today I'll talk to the
please talk to the II that yet that
musicians who wrote charmed by that I
can't tell you how giddy I was when I
came in the post for the first time in
my life have you ever done one of those
like ancestry things to find out what
your background is 23andme or something
you did that yes and what did you find
there not a lot um I found out that I
was a bad ballpark 98.7% Irish Oh almost
totally uh yeah I'm so disappointed I'm
not the real deal only 98.7 percent but
yeah I'm neanderthal ninety six point
something so I still basically everyone
okay if you know yeah yeah ditto but
what about the one point two what three
percent was did you know and that was
that was them I think Central European
it didn't get they're not that so real
basically someone went on vacation and
got knocked up from Ireland yeah and
that's how you got the one yeah it was
Spanish Armada you know black Irish is
so do you didn't mean any like relatives
or anything like that or anybody you
didn't know no I've never had any calls
through the years of people looking for
anything off me
do you well that's not true well now you
got the car that's a different story but
eighteen years ago I come over here
first and I have my first premieres here
I used to bring uncles and auntie's and
and stuff over and life has changed for
whatever reason but it was fun there was
twenty of them coming over
I remember Seeley I remember seeing my
uncle junior on the television you know
behind me during an interview yeah his
face beet red cuz he was in Universal
Studios all day and he wore no Sun cream
beet red blistering and behind behind me
going look come here
we're gonna take a break we come back
we're see clip from a new movie and it's
called the gentlemen Colin Farrell is
here his name is was spelled with a
pH so it sounds like for hug yeah yeah
yeah anyway he's okay that gave this
going for him job you know that's stupid
no sorry Ritchie directed the movie
should have had subtitles today about
whether we could show that clip or not
and I think some of it is going to get
bleep and some of it will not but we
made quite an impassioned argument to
keep as much of it as we possibly could
which of course competed with the
impeachment for headlines and I'm sure
is all over CNN like it was very grave
and I am grateful for the amount of
energy and respect that you put into the
process of deciding what was fit for the
common consumer I went right up to the
FCC and I banged on the door and I said
we are playing this clip it's gonna be
bleep to the point where it's completely
unintelligible but damn it and I look I
did it again but we're gonna play it
you're nothing if not a freedom fighter
thank you very much it was amazing it
was cool yeah Matthew McConaughey plays
I didn't work with I didn't made he
plays a an American who spent his time
receiving third level education in
England and he creates this big drug
empire around marijuana and he's decided
to move on his life he's made a fortune
he wants him and his missus just to ride
off into the sunset so he's decided to
sell his business and then people hear
about that they think that there's a
in his armor and the shark starts
circling
I'm dragged into all that nonsense by
virtue of the boys that I trained I'm a
boxing coach and the boys that I train
are they kind of rip him off they rip
off Mickey Palace thing ending while
you're at it and I just go all
that's the first step by the way that's
the first fight Hannah
you might have noticed a rapidly ice
beam you're also playing the penguin can
we say that you're playing the penguin
in the Batman movie yeah he just did
yeah yeah yeah you were bullseye in the
daredevil movie and I thought you were
fantastic in that I really I really
liked that and now you're playing all
demographic thank you this cat no I
don't know I mean I'm not being
facetious but but the penguin it
surprises me that you are the penguin
because usually the penguin is a short
fat person yeah but I have some time to
eat how much time do we have before you
start shooting this three weeks but I'd
like to have a good barber with my black
garden yeah yeah well you actually put
ad oh no I'm still in the process of
talking to Matt Reeves who's the
director who wrote the script I wrote a
really like really beautiful dark moving
script really gorgeous you did the whole
thing already yeah yeah with a chain and
you know around my arm and cryogenically
frozen script it's all very right hush
but it's a really beautiful script that
he wrote he has a real love for it Matt
so we're still in the process of just
finishing designing the the aesthetic
Robert Pattinson is Batman and
Patterson's Batman
Jeffrey Wright Dano is the Riddler yeah
Jeffrey writes in there zoe kravitz is
that woman yeah yeah really cool Scott a
villain great coke a lot of violence
yeah yeah kids are tired of me playing
the film are they really at a convent
bars but yeah but they get action
figures you'll be in it and maybe
they'll learn to root for the villains
you know I think of that man I just used
the opportunity to tell them what a good
guy I wasn't real life yeah daddy's
gonna have action figures that's just
the sentence every father has ever
wanted to share with their chair I tried
to use that on Dumbo but they kind of
had gone past yeah they got a Dumbo
Danny DeVito give his penguin blessing
to you Oh someone sent me a link that he
thought he did yeah we did he did it
over the Internet yeah it's very
personal
as I said I know yeah he's Donny's
sweetheart he did he said he'd someone
sent me a link and he said just that I
was he's an actor or something
I don't know but but that everyone
should be able to experience anything
and all that kind of good stuff
yeah but oh that'll be fun I look
forward to that of course the gentleman
now opens in theaters on Friday Colin
Farrell everybody over right back we've
gained some money
animals hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back
this holiday season by my new book the
serious goose I wrote it and drew it all
the money I make goes to children's
hospitals across the country and if you
don't support that you are a box